I'm going to do this for the first time.
So I'm up, I'll plate you with the committee rules.
The unanimous, the adopted, which is used to be a site auditorium.
There are no auditable manifestations of approval or difficult rules.
Any time, at any time, from my guest in the audience.
And the committee has in substance to chair to ask the uniform numbers of the chapter for each work that you see before you.
And the plain flow of people scattered throughout the audience.
To enforce that committee ruling by escorting from the committee rules immediately,
a likely but firmly, any of our guests who elect to violate the conditions under which you enter the rule.
The plain lead to refrain from auditable manifestations of approval or difficult.
Our audience has been magnificent.
The officers have done a splendid job.
I think it's safe to say a congressional hearing that never before has so many behaved so well for so long.
And we appreciate it. We hope that will continue.
As we left off, Senator Mataji had four minutes left of his questioning period if he tries to consume it.
After which, if the welcome conditions are at their time, they are not tired of that.
If you give me the help and that's what's the chairman to ask.
The first one getting the first look to, as soon as there hasn't come information,
both here after hearing and also the kind of form of a son of a son of a recall funders.
That's a death of communism.
For some reason, other could not be important.
Now, did you take part in the position of a man for a man's bail, popman bail, yes?
Would you tell us what his occupation was and how important he was to become a member of the emperor?
I think it was a problem, though, with a sense that he was convicted left here as a...
In the group of second-string leaders of the Communist Party of the United States,
he was very important in the communist apparatus.
He was one of the original communist theorist, Cishin.
It occurred to me that he was a teacher and the head of a sacred communist training school for a period of time.
He was, so the year it was one of the top leaders in the communist conspiracy in the country,
until his conviction uncharted the conspiracy to teach the United States all the throw of our government by force and violence last year.
Now, I have mentioned to someone here that Sam Schumer is a surging point.
I mean, we have played with the soldiers leading when we go overseas, we can back more overseas.
I don't know that it's true or not before the Trump Library, but to mention that to the people that I assume it's true.
It's true that a justice in a state at a staging point would be able to get all the information,
not all information, but a great amount of information, about two movements,
where they were coming from, where they were going to, and that if he were a communist, as the first was,
he could perform a tremendous service for the communist party in that process.
Yes, I think there's no question about that.
Now, I would like to, if I may, Mr. Cohn, to reach you from the formerly royal Canadian commission,
which was investigating coming to the West Bank in Canada,
but what will happen to the United States?
Let's see, what's 7.3499?
First of all, do you know what doctor that was an auto-war?
And so, I understand that telegram with this doctor lived blank streets.
I do not remember his address.
But the doctor did not know it.
And so, first and often, this particular case, I remember it, because it was quite a strange situation.
One of the members of the military at a day, one of his staff, driver at worst called,
a time with having his chiefs by the doctor, first and, he was a dentist and a dentist, at a time one of the agents.
At the time one of the agents, I think it was Laura, was having her chiefs for the same place,
Moscow found its convenience, therefore, but during this time, the materials with the place in the washroom,
after an auto-war, worst called, would go and take the materials out of the washroom.
Their visits to the dentist or doctor would be explained by having their chiefs attendance here.
Now, in view of that, I assume that you and I could not sub-bad to the series of the senators who made the speech here the day
or to request new fear that nearly because the men were a dentist, you know, building importance in the communist background.
Most of them, in a cursing, they told us that there was still another census, which is very important.
I believe that they were the one who was a key link in the Witticott Chamber's firing.
I think there was some testimony about that by Attorney General Brown, now, before the general committee.
So, do not ask you both at all, so, if I could hear you, tell me exactly what you were firing.
And sure, well, I meant, and it's all that sometimes when we can move to the first trial of this hearing,
you don't have all things that I believe that you know what we have a common that, around no matter why you do it.
The thing that I really wanted to reassure in the country on was that he wasn't sitting right where in the middle of Port Mom,
because I was afraid some people might think he was.
Nothing to be clear of that is that correct.
That's right.
No, I want one or two more questions, but you are about your memorandum of January 14th.
You will remember that is the occasion or that day to see date on which you, as you put it, listened to some nasty talk
or was the occasion of Mr. Adam, like somewhat nasty in the sexy shot.
Is that right?
Yes, that's that over the season.
That over the season talk.
Yes, sir.
And the key was that passing that those nasty suggestions to your friends, kind, that he might go overseas.
He was trying to, what I got down to, he was trying to say that, unless you people co-op like with me, I'm going to do this.
That's right.
That's another word, this one of the blackmailic agents.
I would say it could be, but one of the blackmailic agents.
Have you said anything to Mr. Adam, higher that date, that could have indicated to him that you had a considerable interest in higher the size?
Well, sir, just yet to know, I'd be said anything to him.
I'm very sure that he knows private sign had worked on the committee staff.
I'm going to talk a lot of work to the answer, just of course.
Do you have said anything that indicated that you were peculiarly interested in signs?
No, I was not securely interested in them, sir.
He was a member of the committee staff.
He was a friend of mine and happened before he came with the committee.
I think an answer to the question would have been fair, Mr. Adam, to assume that I or Mr. Carr,
and anyone else in our fair, would resent the fact that straightness of a soldier within without committee was going to depend on our ability or inability to stop an investigation.
Well, you were a grown man, then as Mr. Carr was a grown man, weren't you?
That's right, sir.
And you were working for a committee of the United States Senate?
That's right, that was investigating the army.
And it must have seemed human, because when Adam talked nasty about China some kind of a blackmail spread, it must have just been laughable, didn't it?
I don't know if it seemed laughable, sir.
Oh, it just couldn't move you, could it?
I mean, there couldn't move you, didn't it?
And it caused...
I don't think it's all he was saying was that he was a young soldier that was micro overseas,
and the millions of others had, isn't that right?
No, sir, if he was saying that, that would have been fine. That isn't what he was saying.
Well, he was saying that he might have more with these husbands?
No, sir, it didn't happen that way at all.
Well, we know...
That was the least hard of what he was saying.
He was nasty about private China, possibly the emblem on overseas.
No, sir, not at all.
So, wasn't it something to be effective if you didn't all offer me investigations by guys, shines after go overseas?
It was, I'd say, I'd say all close to them at the right.
A little close, sir.
And that didn't pay you, did it?
That didn't have the slightest effect on you, did it?
I don't know what you mean by the slightest effect.
Well, it couldn't affect you, couldn't it?
A little talk about somebody going overseas in uniform?
No, that didn't affect me, sir.
It could lead me to feel what I remember.
Mr. Adams, suggesting that Mr. Karr or I, with the influence in our action by what they did or did not do, what's reckoned to do, what's reckoned to China or anybody else.
And it wasn't even important enough to put him in your memorandum, sir.
So, isn't he asking that no as far as importance is concerned?
Mr. Adams was stating me, I can take care of myself, I did not put it in a memorandum.
Well, it wasn't important enough, to ensure it wasn't.
I don't know what he could say with important enough to include or not.
He put in this little kickcat about a New York law, like I thought New York about a law事 parker ship, didn't he, I did, sir?
And you knew that was supposed to be kickcat.
You know what I was in that, well, in any of that, that went into the memorandum, didn't you, sir?
But that nasty blackmailing said about China didn't get him at all, did it?
No, I did not put it into it.
Mr. Cohn, I want to turn to private time and the words he did at Fort Dick.
Let me see if I can get this thing in perspective.
He went to work for the committee of Alclam.
Oh, January of February.
Well, when we say February 1st is fairly accurate.
So, he went to February and Mark, for the committee.
April, I think you and me were in New York, is that right?
That's right.
And that work would be the concluded why you and they are on your return.
No, it's never expected to be put out.
But it wasn't a part of the hangover job that Mr. Cohn suffered.
Well, I thought that word hangover could be misunderstood.
I beg you, sir.
I'm, I'm, I'm, I can't believe you.
What I'm trying to get at is that as the pile of work that Shine had on hand,
what he had to do after he went at Fort Dick, not what's connected with that European trip, etc.
So, that's the expense there was, some of it was connected with the investigation of which the trip was a part.
Well, and then the end of, in any of the, and such work as I had, had piled up and was undone by the time that he was in duck.
It came either from the month of February or March.
Did any come from those two?
It came from the entire period of time, the entire period.
So that, and even some from April then, is that right?
Yes, sir.
So for you, February, March, April, May and June, he had five months of work before you knew at the first of July that he was going into the arms.
So he had July, August, September and October, to get cleaned up in, didn't he?
For the question that's it.
Well, now let's go and let's be fair with each other.
You'd had five months of work, fire to the time you knew he was going into the arms.
Yes, he didn't want to come any five months.
And it turned out that there was four months between the time that you knew he was going in and the time he actually went in.
That right, sir.
So that he had four months in which to get his work, got even.
Wasn't quite that way, sir.
No.
Well, it seems to be, it had to be just that way if he could read the calendar.
Let me try it once more.
No, let me try it simply with you.
He had five months in which work to the time that he was going to file.
Is that right?
In January, February, March, April, May, as a matter of fact, he mostly could say four months because April was a ball.
He was a ball.
That was a question of work piling up and so forth.
Well, do you have a minute to answer?
No, sir, it was a question of that either.
You were...
No, it's one of the other.
He's in the job all the work that he has down, or he's got time to work that you're handing to him.
It's one of the other.
No.
Well, then he's got all the work he's continuing on.
It can't be anything but those three, you got it.
I'd be glad to say what it was.
Well, let me use the rest.
When you mind using mine, it's just when you've lost the mouse.
You've got some old work that is down, that's one thing you can have.
Is that right?
It's a puzzle.
And he's got some old work that he's continuing on.
Is that right?
That's the thing.
Oh, that's right.
And he's got some new work.
That does it.
Sure.
Now, do you give him new work?
I don't think he gave him the word.
The answer then is no.
The answer is no.
That's so simple, Miss.
I'm afraid it isn't just the word.
Well, do you even get all the answers?
Yes.
Why do we have so much trouble?
I don't think I have the trouble with anybody else.
The answer is this.
We did not give him work on new and he got the gates.
Not a new, not a single new assignment.
It isn't that way, Miss.
You know.
It can be that way.
Did you give him a single new assignment?
Did you answer to that, no?
Well, I'm trying to tell you what to articulate.
Answer that one.
You didn't give him a new assignment.
That's it.
Wasn't a question of answer.
What do you...
The question now is,
did you work against him?
He gave me that new assignment.
I'm trying to tell you what happened with the work.
I just want an awkward gave him a new assignment.
I'm trying to tell you.
And it's just calling a lot of people are listening to it.
Tell us whether or not you gave him a new assignment.
I'm trying to tell you just what I did.
Well, I'll be telling that if you give him a new assignment.
They left the no, Mr. Paul.
The answer to the question is, no, we did not.
No, we made...
Is that the answer?
It's not the complete one, sir.
Well, no but, and no but why?
No but, I did give him a little one.
Well, Mr. Walsh, if you want to give the answer to Walsh,
give that to your life, I do.
I want to know whether or not you gave him a new assignment.
Will you tell me yesterday, no?
If you did.
I'll try to tell you what happened.
Will you give it yesterday, no?
I think you'll ask me to explain this door here.
So I've been trying to build the assignment.
What is it? Yes or no?
The answer is we did not give him any assignments on new investigations.
He continued work, which he had been doing on investigations,
which were immense fires of that period of time.
Then the answers could have been given to me about two or a clock
that he didn't give him any new assignments, is that right?
I'm afraid it might not have been answered.
Well, it would be perfectly accurate.
I didn't ask to whether he was going to continue to want to go or not.
I wanted to go if he had a new assignment.
Now, the answer is no.
The answer is no.
The answer is that there were no new investigations on which he worked.
He continued working on the one which he had been working on.
The investigation?
I understand this from how that.
I would like that people who know that the gentleman's fellow has now tied up on a door
with a bell.
It's very important.
Otherwise, he would be with it.
That is the floor of the fence.
Thank you.
I'm very, very excited.
Let's go.
I'm in the afternoon.
The line of threatening to do so is well about the work that the scientist has done.
I see you have had some difficulty in timing times to make the kind of an answer you want
to make so that the whole story will be told.
Now, the senator from Illinois is not particularly in the left of him.
The technicalities of the yes or no answer I would like to know myself.
So now it's as though you responded that question in my time until that.
So, we saw it.
Thank you for the opportunity, Senator Jackson.
After with the parents that Sean was showing in the service, I already called it.
We did not give them work as though on any new investigation.
There were certain numbers of investigations already on the way of which he had worked.
He continued his work on those investigations until the very time he went in.
After he was in the service on a small number of occasions, we had to get some information from him about witnesses and things on which he had worked and we did that.
And he helped write the reports on an investigation which he and he along had primary responsibility for and knew all the facts about.
After an attempt on our part to get to know me and to write the report was on the set.
I think that's about the thumb and thumb of the whole thing.
The telephone is here.
I'll send him a text.
Just one question Mr. Stone when I came on the phone with a text in the question, but I enough to,
as finally as fast as a little communist dentist could be important.
I was talking on the page three hours seven on a foot of a canvas book to be witnessed.
And he also testified upon this matter.
There's a track that one of the top communist agents who doing a clinical chamber which worked was a dentist who had an office from place that I believe I'm in.
I don't know which of the address was in New York.
We stored him in the door with that sound like a doctor was relatively ugly.
And that was used as a meeting place for coming with that, you know, at the agent because they could basically go to a dentist, have their teeth worked upon, leased and not much suspected of that.
That's right.
The fact that this gentleman coming to the front was a death of what Mr. Welk saw at the moment.
We're putting him according to the Canadian Royal Commission, according to the witnesses.
He advised me more dangerous positions.
A much more dangerous position, as though you were merely the commanding officer of a company because if you were planning off for a company to go down to private to the community and talk to him, the thing that doesn't anyone from the general down to private to the community and the stuff,
that matters with him that he could pass on, unless you know this.
And Mr. Pryor's plan was called, refused to tell us.
For the number one, he was forming, coming to the cells, at the camp, silvers, and number two, and I may be wrong to live.
As I recall, he also refused to tell us, he was ultimately self-confirmalized, he was made to privilege.
For the number one, he was engaged and espionized, and at the time we saw him before the commission.
I think it's right about that latter, Senator and executive session that occurred to me. He didn't involve the personnel in unquestionable, concerning that.
I stopped the investigation directly, but I think that's right.
So then when a senator goes on a plan of four, he'll ridicule the fact that you come up with, they've come to us, who's mean yes, that's it.
Either he is exceming naive, or someone is planting the words and he's not.
Yes, sir.
Another further, Mr. Pryor.
Hello.
I'm half a week, with a little in the candidate.
One senator goes ahead and then gives a last sentence, because I was having a whispered calligraphy with your senator.
Did I understand you to say that Mr. Cine wrote?
Mr. Cine, I think it was a sociable, tolerately, it was just a tolerately dealing, completely, at harm's length in regards to how much it's a threat from the nearer.
And you have the availability of the weapons?
That's right.
I didn't need to indicate that senator, that I wouldn't like to have a television audience think that wealth and mortality were colloquializing and anything, because so far we definitely have not.
I understand, senator.
The position in life, I thought, that in spite of these, time I wish I had, and the time you obviously had, we cannot in this room be friends there.
Mr. Cine?
I didn't quite get what you said about time writing the report.
We can get that red background shirt for this.
Well, it's a counter to the entity, wills.
So I said that he helped write the report, which were reports, submitted by the committee on an investigation, and the court was trying to vote for the work and thought that he knew more about it.
Where did he do that writing?
I think that's in New York.
In New York?
Yes, sir.
On the leaves?
And what adjects in New York?
That is, at home, a lot of times he worked up for home with my family.
He worked at his office on occasion, I imagine.
And was Mr. Nogifer?
I don't know that he worked at the Nogifer, not.
I know that he's rolled out a script deal with itself in long-hand.
Before the end of the weekend, I would usually go over it and make changes and type it up on my typewriter, and then it would be sent down to Frank Cox.
I don't think I didn't use the Nogifer.
I don't think that he did.
Well, were you with Mr. Shion when he was on these leaves that were?
Yes, on a lot of occasions we worked together.
And now on hot occasions this year, at home.
Why do you use the dilator?
No, I don't.
Are you going to be able to tell us when you were with him when he was out of four days?
I can give you a general idea, Mr. Welfare.
Well, let's begin with the...
I can't give it to you a minute by minute.
Let's begin with the eighth consecutive day that began with his induction on November 3rd in Lamb to November 10th.
Well, he wasn't for six centuries.
I'm sorry?
He was not at four.
Oh, no, he was assigned to New York for work with the committee.
That's right.
Now how did he spend like that?
Did he spend all of those days and left the consecutive month on Sunday with you?
I thought we called her.
I think that on some of those days we were having hearings down in New York and I think he was over at those hearings.
All those hearings?
I think so, sir.
You mean he was just over at him being a hearing when he ought to be working on this the old stuff?
I mean, oh, that won't do it at all, Mr. Cohn.
Oh, sorry, Mr. Playsman.
You mean the county's adjourning the week beginning to be November 3rd?
Mr. Cohn was sitting around at some cross-guilling?
Is that right?
I think he was.
How many days left week for these two to hear that hearing?
I think I'd have to tell you how many...
I don't know, just two or three, whatever, why?
All the evening.
Oh, have they hearing with Anna?
I told you they're there.
And not working at all on his house or hearing work, Mr. Cohn?
Oh, what?
That's not your name?
Sorry, he wasn't that they hearing for his amusing.
No, but he's got the hearing.
That's a funny place to work.
He wouldn't have a stenographer in there, just think you or Woody.
It might be a funny place.
Maybe it's Miss Lane, Mr. Cohn.
Did he have a pad on his lap and would writing these long-hand things while he sat at the hearing?
So you might think hearing's a funny place to work, but I'm afraid that about 99% of our work
does get done at hearing.
Yeah?
But Miss Lane, you were supposed to be working on that incident, come out of hearing.
It's much earlier than that, wasn't it?
Mr. Cohn, is that actually physical?
Oh, what Johnny did when the second area of the Army got involved in a fort,
so he just worked on committee matters.
It's one of the things he did.
It's a really difficult one.
Oh, I wouldn't say it's difficult, it's one of the things he did.
One of the things he did was to get that listen to the test, and Woody.
Oh, I think that's the hearing, is that right?
I don't think he just sat in listen to this.
Well, he wasn't examining the witnesses.
Sorry, well, might've been said.
You want to tell us that?
That he might've been in listen to that?
Yeah.
I'll tell you that.
He did have many occasions.
He very well might've met.
Remember, sir?
The ones at the left, he's very well might've.
Honest, Mr. Cohn.
Oh, what is that?
I don't know.
What?
I need to.
Honest?
What is that?
He's got many witnesses doing that, we...
He's very well might've met.
Well, Mr. Cohn, I'm not the trouble, but he had to file off.
Got a work.
And that you had to get somebody on the level of the sanitary of the Army to get him also into the finish.
Is that what I understood?
I'm not.
Didn't he do anything on the pile that worked during those seven goals and days when you had him in New York?
Yes, he did.
What did he do during those seven goals and days besides sitting in the hearings and listening to the testimony?
Sir, it was not a question of sitting in the hearings.
You know what he was sitting in the hearings.
Go where he's standing all the time.
Sir, I was sitting in the hearings.
Sir, I was sitting in the hearings, sir, and I don't think that I'm fired.
I wasn't doing any work.
I'm not the person that you're calling me if you weren't doing any work.
I think sir, you have a reputation working very hard over some understanding.
But you know who you are now that under these circumstances, Mr. Cohn was due to be as busy as a being.
These are bullying.
Thank you.
I beg your pardon.
I beg your pardon, sir, by him that it's after you knew him and I all have mixed up me.
Let me try it all over again.
Absolutely, Harry.
You know that Mr. Cohn was supposed to be busy, don't you?
At the hearings.
At the time, the hearings were going wrong.
Yes sir.
You've got a sexual discrimination from the United States Army that lets you come up and work on this people's work that you couldn't get finished between July when you knew he was going into the Army and November when he did go.
Isn't that right, sir?
It's right to be honest, sir.
Now do you want to tell me that because you were at the hearings, time couldn't you work?
No, it's right on.
He's an old accountant, he's in life.
Very good.
Are you in this case?
As a matter of fact, Mr. Cohn, did you ever see him with a stenographer dictating anything to her after November 3rd and until he finished the court day?
I don't recall that I did this, but you never did.
Did you ever see him, Mr. Cohn, with a dictating machine in front of him?
I don't think he ever used to be right.
Now aren't we all old enough to know?
I have seen him write a lot of material, aren't we all old enough to know?
I told him that if you were in the Russian, this modern world about living something, the way they get us down is to have a secretary.
Is that correct, sir?
That's certainly one way.
And another way is to have a dictating machine, from sir, I just want to have a second way, sir.
Might be a second way, but I guess I do my work for third work.
Now let me ask you this.
Wouldn't a very good way to adopt this trestling work done, wouldn't it have been a good way to do it in the room that General Ryan set out for you at four things?
Not particularly good.
Would it have been a beautiful way to do it, wouldn't it?
Nothing.
What's wrong with the room down there?
So there's nothing wrong with the room down there?
Thank you.